Improved `WorkflowBuilder` (#692)
alpha-unito/streamflow: docs/source/ext/database.rst

WorkflowBuilder
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The ``WorkflowBuilder`` class loads the steps and ports of an existing workflow from a ``Database`` and inserts them into a new workflow object. The class extends the ``DefaultDatabaseLoadingContext`` class and overrides only the methods involving ``step``, ``port``, and ``workflow`` entities. In particular, the ``add_*`` methods of these entities must not set the ``persistent_id``, as they are dealing with a newly-created workflow, and the ``load_*`` methods should reset the internal state of their entities to the initial value (e.g., reset the status to `Status.WAITING` and clear the `terminated` flag).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``WorkflowBuilder`` class loads the steps and ports of an existing workflow from a ``Database`` and inserts them into a new workflow object. The ``WorkflowBuilder`` class extends the ``DefaultDatabaseLoadingContext`` class and overrides only the methods involving ``step``, ``port``, and ``workflow`` entities. In particular, the ``add_*`` methods of these entities must not set the ``persistent_id``, as they are dealing with a newly-created workflow, and the ``load_*`` methods should reset the internal state of their entities to the initial value (e.g., reset the status to `Status.WAITING` and clear the `terminated` flag).
```

> If the deep copy attribute is set in the ``WorkflowBuilder``, the builder will return a new workflow duplicating all steps and ports instances. Otherwise, a new instance of the workflow is returned, but without loading the steps and ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a ``WorkflowBuilder`` object is constructed with  the ``deep_copy`` attribute equal to ``True``, the builder will return a new workflow duplicating all steps and ports instances. Otherwise, a new instance of the workflow is returned, but without loading the steps and ports.
```

> The WorkflowBuilder creates only a single new instance of the workflow. If the workflow has been copied, the ``load_workflow`` method returns the same instance. If another new copy of the workflow is needed, another builder must be instantiated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each ``WorkflowBuilder`` instance can create only a single new workflow instance. If the workflow has been copied, the ``load_workflow`` method returns the same instance. As a consequence, if a different copy of the workflow instance is needed, another ``WorkflowBuilder`` object must be instantiated.
```
